sword: 422 durability, right clicking a villager with it will make him follow you. if yo uare flying he will follow you on the ground as long as he is in a loaded chunk, you may have up to three followers, atfer that one will leave so the other can join. Villagers who follow you will attack anything that attacks you, or if nothing is attacking you, any hostile mob within sight.
pickaxe: 422 durabillity, when right clicked, the pickaxe will glisten and turn to "ore mode" in ore mode and mining smooth stone, and ONLY smooth stone, there is a 23% chance that coal will drop, 19% that iron will drop, 8% chance that lapiz will drop, 8% that gold will drop, and 2% that diamond will drop and 20% that smooth stone will be dropped, and 20% that cobblestone will be dropped. Every block mined when in ore mode will decrease the pickaxe's durabillity by 10, even when not mining smooth stone.
hoe: 422 durabillity, while tilling soild, there is an 8% chance that the ground will be "emeralded" taking 3 durabillity from the hoe. seeds planted on emeralded ground wil have an 85% chance of be "emeralded" emeralded plants an be used in potion making to add a "grenade" effect. when thrown, grenaded potions will blow up in 4 and a half seconds, dealing .5-2.5 damage hearts depending on closeness, and spreading the effect in a 5x5x3 area.
axe: 422 durabillity, cutting down trees will have an 8% chance of emeralding the log, emeralded logs when placed at cut down by a not emerald axe, the tree will drop 1-2 emerald fragments, 9 emerald fragments put in a crafting table will make 1 soft emerald. a soft emerald is usless, unless you smelt it into a normal emerald, taking 60 seconds to smelt.
helmet: adds 1 and a half armour points.when broken, it will yield 5 emerald fragments.
chestplate: provides 3 and a half armour points
leggings: provides 3 and a half armour points
boots: provide two armour points. when worn, all ores stepped on will have a 5% chance of dropping 1-2 emerald fragments.
dragon: the Emerald Dragon is a hostile mob. The don't live anywhere except 1 (30 per emerald biome in the dragon's dimension) per emerald biome. emerald biomes occur once every 10000 cubic blocks. The emerald biome is full of dragon's emerald on the surface, and  emerald ore replacing coal and gold underneath. dragons emeralds, when mined, drops dimented emerald, which can be used to trick villagers into thinking they are real emeralds. there is a 20% chance thatthe villager will know it's fake, and he and his further generations will never trade with you, and they will not follow you if you right click him with the emerald sword, so it is best to kill him. dimented emeralds can also be put into a furnace, for 51 seconds, and will become a soft emerald.