All items Including the dragon but excluding the Uranium Bomb give off a light level of 15.
Sword: 346 durabillity, anything hit will be poisoned for 4 seconds. Mobs that heal when poisoned (like skeletons) are given the effect needed to "poison" them.
Pickaxe: 346 durabillity, equal to iron, but when right clicked it goes into radiation mode, which will instantly break any block (including bedrock and voidbuildinblocks) but will not drop an item.
hoe:346 durabillity, 20% chance that the hoe will turn the tilled dirt into a tilled radioactive dirt (see biome for more details) These blocks, when items ar eplanted, will come back as a poisouness version
axe:346 durabillity, any leaves attached to the log being cutdown or leaves attached to the leaves attached to the logs etc. will die autmatically, dropping anything that should've been in those leaves.
shovel:346 durabillity, sand, ditr, tilled dirt, grass have a 70% chance of being picked up as radioactive.
helmet: 1 armour point. Wearer is protected from posion damage. decreases the damage from radioactive fire (breatehd from dragon) and liquid uranium by 24%
chestplate: 3 amrour points. Anything that is used to hit the wearer of the chestplate will take 5x the durabillity that it would've. Decreases damage by radioactive fire and liquid uranium by 46%
leggings: 2 armour points. Allows wearer to ride a tamed Radioactive dragon without taking damage or being poisoned. Decreases damage taken from radioactive fire and liquid uranium by 12%.
boots: Wearer may walk on radioactive blocks without being poisoned. Decreases damage taken by radioactive fire and liquid uranium by 10%.
Uranium: Underground, uranium (blocks) are rare, 0-2 per chunk, and can only spawn under layer 25. uranium when mined (radioactive pickaxe only) will drop 1-3 uranium rods 9 uranium rods in a crafting table will make 1 uranium (block). Uranium rods can be used as a fuel source in furnaces, each rod lasting 70 seconds. You can obtain a bucket of liquid Uranium by placing two uranium rods as fuel and a bucket in the top slot. It takes 70 seconds to make a bucket of liquid uranium, so as soon as the first rod runs out, the second disappears and the bucket disappears, but you get a bucket of liquid uranium. Liquid Uranium can be turned into a uranium rod byplacing a bucket of liquid uranium into the top slot and enough fuel to last 70 seconds in the bottom slot. Liquid uranium is corresive, and will melt all blocks except for blocks of iron (not ore) obsidian, and bedrock. Uranium will "melt" all items (like dropped blocks). Uranium may also make 4 uranium arrow heads by placing one uranium rod in the topcenter, one in the top right, and one in the center right. Uranium arrow heads can be used in crafting like a normal arrow with th flint being replaced with radioactive arrow heads. Radioactive arrows will poison anything hit for 5 seconds.
Uranium Bomb: crafted with a uranium rod in the center and tnt in the cornbers, and iron on the remaining spots. The bomb will blow up a 40x40 area (no drops), and make all blocks radioactive in a 50x50 area. Activated only when a level 14 redstone is adjacent.
Biome: The biome can be anywhere between approx. 50x50 to approx. 150x150. Depending on the size of the biome will be the number of dragons that can naturally spawn there. (min. 1 max 16) In the overworld, only occurs once every few thousand blocks. All blocks are radioactive, so if someone is standing on them (unless they have radioactive boots) they will be poisoned for 5 seconds, restarting for every 20 ticks they stand on the block. Uranium blocks are significantly more common in a radioactive biome than anywhere else, and can be on any level, even some on the surface. Liquid uranium replaces both water and lava that would've spawned in this biome, and all adjacent blocks next to or under naturally generated liquid uranium will instantly turn to obsidian upon the chunk loading for the first time.
Dragon: The Dragon is hostile, and can breath Radioactive fire. Radioactive fire acts as normal fire, but poisons you at the same time, the posion lasts 12 seconds, and the fire last 6. If you ar estill on "radioactive" fire, you will restart the posion count.
