Sword: 462 durabillity. Right clicking a block with this sword will temporarily dig a hole from sky limit THROUGH bedrock. All entities will slowly be pulled torwards the hole (except the user of the sword), after 13 seconds, the hole fills up with stone to the block the player right clicked on, the rest remains a hole. Uses 5 durabillity.
Pickaxe: Can destroy ALL blocks, including bedrock. 462 durability. Right clicking will make a 3x3x32 deep hole, will destroy (no drops) any block in its path, including bedrock. Can mine anything, including bedrock (takes 72 durabillty)
Axe: 462 durabillity, clicking rght clicking any wooden (stairs, blocks, logs etc. item will cut down all wooden items attached. Takes 1 durabillity per block cut. Right clicking leave swill cut down all leaves attached, dropping saplings and apples according to minecraft's normal leaf drop probability, Takes 1 durabillity per block cut.
hoe: 462 durabillity, tilted land has a 12% chance of "voiding" all crops on the land. Planted crops will turn into voided particles. Voided particles can be crafted with any weapon/armour by putting the weapon or armour in the middle and surrounding it with void particles.  items or armour, except leather armour (called voided "weapons/armour made with this will make it permenatly invisible, so others cannot see what you are holding or wearing. wearing armour like this will make you appear to not be wearing anything. Crafting the samething but with cobblestone will make void building blocks, dark blocks which can be placed anywhere above y = -256. Placing three glass in the center and three voided particles will create three void windows. One side will allow you to see the void directly under the block, and you cant see through to the other side, but the other sides will be like glass. the side that looks like void will be placed facing you. You can also craft three void windows with three sides looking like the void and one see through sides by placing void particles everywhere except one side you want see through The glass side will be placed facingyou.. You may craft Voided blocks (blocks obtained by digging with a void shovel) by placing dirt/grass/sand into a cratfing table in the center and adding void particles in the four corners. Making fish in a crafting table with void particles will make a void fish, the only thing a void dragon will eat. Eating a void fish will deplete all of your hunger and poison you for 3 seconds. Void building blocks can only be mined with a void pickaxe. Voided tnt when placed will be invisible until primed.
Shovel: 462 durabillity, digging all blocks meant to be dug (grass/dirt/sand/tilted soil) will have a 8% chance as dropping as a voided block. Voided block will damage anyone touching it with void damage. (unless they are wearing Void scale boots) Voided blocks must be dug with an iron shovel or better. Voided blocks emit void particles
Helmet: 462 durabillity, provides 1 and a half armour points. Wearing a Void scale helmet will make your head invisible as long as you wear it. (No particles or armour showing) Wearing will increase how deep you can go into the void by 58 blocks.
Chestplate: 462 durabillity, provides 4 armour points, wearing will make your chest and arms invisible as long as you wear it. (no particles or armour showing) wearing will increase how deep you ca go into the void by 86 blocks
Leggings: 462 durabillity, provides 3 armour points. wearing will make your legs invisible as long as you wear it (no particles or armour showing) Wearing will increase how far you can go into the void by 67 blocks
Boots: 462 durabillity, provides 1 and a half armour points. wearing will make your feet invisible, and hide all particles walking makes (no armour or particles showing) Wearing will inrese how far you can go into the void hby 45 blocks.
wearing the complete set of armour makes you invisible completly along as you wear all of it. How deep you can go into the void is added on by each armour you're wearing, wearing the complete set will allow going in 256 blocks. While wearing armour, each piece decreases mob (except void dragon) view range by 6 cubic blocks. Wearing the complete set will make so all mobs (except void dragon) will never attack you, because they cant see you.
Dragon: The Void Dragon is neutral, but will attack anything under y = -65 (except other void dragons). Taming is very difficult, because you will have to enter the void and feed it 15-30 void fish, but while standing on a perch you made with Void building blocks, or in a void biome ( approx 70x70x4 island of void building blocks). No interactions (not even fighting) can take place between non-tamed void dragons above y = 0. If the dragon is trying to attack you, it will circle underneath the player until you leave the dimension, it despawns, or either the dragon or the player dies.  The dragon, if it sees a void fish in your hand, it will fly to you and fly near you, but still moving at full speed, making it hard to feed. If you are below y = -65, it will still fly near you but will still attack you. Tamed Void Dragons can be ridden anywhere, but are given a 10% health boost in the void, and you can fly them anywhere in the void, but you will take void damage below y = -64 if you are not wearing void armour, and will take void damage at y = -256 if you are wearing the full set. Other Void Dragons will not attack you below y = -65 if you are riding another void dragon. Void dragons can see anything, even if they are wearing Void Dragon armour or under an invisibilty potion. Void dragons will only take void damage at y = + 256. All dragons non tamed dragons under y = -300 will instantly despawn. If you are in the void, (next line) 
all of your void dragons also in the void will teleport to you, perching if there is room, flying withing 5 blocks if there isn't. Void dragons can destroy all blocks except bedrock and void building blocks. Void dragons will spawn naturally in every void except the nether void.
Biome: Only under Y = 0 (in both the den and the overworld, but not the end) will void biomes generate. approx 70x70x4 island of Void building blocks, where Void Dragons can land on if they choose. Biomes can generate past y = -256, but no player can get ther ewithout mods/hacks or taking damge. Nothing, Not even Void biomes, may generate/spawn under y = -325. In the overworld, a random hole approx 5x5 will generate in the bedrock, leading to the void. This is to make it possible to get into the den, because without it, it will be impossible to get the void dragon scale, and so impossible to create the portal. about 10 vlock under that crater will be a forced spawned void biome, however, there is rarely a dragon here.
 

  